In an old house in Paris that was covered with vines lived twelve little girls in two straight lines.
All children, except one, grow up.
The first place that I can well remember was a large pleasant meadow with a pond of clear water in it.
The Mole had been working very hard all the morning, spring-cleaning his little home.
This is George. He lived in Africa.
Chug, chug, chug. Puff, puff, puff. Ding-dong, ding-dong.
Where’s Papa going with that axe?
Christmas won't be Christmas without any presents...
Once there were four children whose names were Peter, Susan, Edmond, and Lucy.
These two very old people are the father and mother of Mr. Bucket.
Here is Edward Bear, coming down the stairs now, bump bump bump, on the back of his head, behind Christopher Robin
One sunny Sunday, the caterpillar was hatched out of a tiny egg. He was very hungry.
Once upon a time there were four little Rabbits, and their names were-Flopsy, Mopsy, Cotton-tail, and Peter.
Hard by a great forest dwelt a poor wood-cutter with his wife and his two children. 
A mouse took a stroll through the deep dark wood.
Johnny never knew for certain why he started seeing the dead.
Miss Cackle's Academy for Witches stood at the top of a high mountain surrounded by a pine forest.
It was Mrs. May who first told me about them.
Lyra and her daemon moved through the darkening hall, taking care to keep to one side, out of sight of the kitchen.
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
If you went too near the edge of the chalk-pit the ground would give way.
I write this sitting in the kitchen sink.
The boy with fair hair lowered himself down the last few feet of rock and began to pick his way towards the lagoon.
You don't know about me without you have read a book called 'The Adventures of Tom Sawyer,' but that ain't no matter.
Once upon a time there was a pair of pants.
Gotham City. Maybe it's all I deserve, now. Maybe it's just my time in Hell.
Marley was dead, to begin with.
The dog was lying on the grass in the middle of the lawn in front of Mrs Shears' house.
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit.
Kidnapping children is never a good idea; all the same, sometimes it has to be done.
It was dusk, winter-dusk.
The year that Buttercup was born, the most beautiful woman in the world was a French scullery maid named Annette.
Doctor de Soto was especially popular with the big animals.
Once upon a time, a little girl named Laura traveled in a covered wagon across the giant prairie.
One spring morning at four o'clock the first cuckoo arrived in the Valley of the Moomins.
Once upon a time there was a little chimney-sweep, and his name was Tom.
That Spot! He hasn't eaten his supper. Where can he be?
The animals of Farthing Wood were facing their first winter in their new home in the Nature Reserve of White Deer Park.
If, standing alone on the back doorstep, Tom allowed himself to weep tears, they were tears of anger.
There was once a velveteen rabbit, and in the beginning he was really splendid.
My father got the dog drunk on cherry brandy at the party last night.
Early one morning the wind blew a spider across the field.
Nancy Drew, an attractive girl of eighteen, was driving home along a country road in her new, dark-blue convertible.
In the great forest a little elephant was born, his name was Babar.
Laura’s baby brother George was four weeks old when it happened.
Once upon a time there was a huge family of children; and they were terribly, terribly naughty.
Jack had dinner early. Jack needed burping. So Nora had to wait.
This is how the story begins. On a dark, dark hill, there was a dark, dark town.
Oh, Lizzie, do you believe how absolutely horrendous I look today!
Once there was a soft brown toy called Dogger.
